docs: custom expression support updates (#58895)
metabase/metabase: docs/questions/query-builder/expressions-list.md

### date

> > Not available for Oracle and then non-JDBC Apache Druid driver.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Not available for Oracle or the non-JDBC Apache Druid driver.
```

- When used on a string, converts an ISO 8601 date string to a date. The string _must_ be in a valid ISO 8601 format. If the string contains time, the time part is truncated.
- When used on a datetime value, truncates datetime to a date.

Syntax: `date(value)`

> Example 1: `date("2025-03-20")` would return a date value so that you can use all the date features in the query builder: group by month, filter by previous 30 days, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example: `date("2025-03-20")` would return a date value so that you can use all the date features in the query builder: group by month, filter by previous 30 days, etc.
```

- Date with time: `2025-03-25T14:30:45`
- Date with time and timezone offset: `2025-03-25T14:30:45+01:00`

> Example 2: `date(2025-04-19T17:42:53+01:00)` would return `2025-04-19`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another example: `date(2025-04-19T17:42:53+01:00)` would return `2025-04-19`.
```
Chattier.

Example: `isEmpty([Feedback])` would return true if `Feedback` was an empty string (`''`) or did not contain a value.

Related: [notEmpty](#notempty), [isNull](#isnull).

### integer

> > Not available for non-JDBC Apache Druid driver.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Not available for the non-JDBC Apache Druid driver.
```

> - When used on a string, converts a string to an integer value. Useful if you want to do some math on numbers, but your data is stored as strings.
> - When used on a floating point value, rounds it to an integer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Converts a string to an integer value. Useful if you want to do some math on numbers, but your data is stored as strings.
- Converts a floating point value by rounding it to an integer.
```

Syntax: `integer(value)`

> Example 1: `integer("123")` would return `123` as an integer. The string must evaluate to an integer (so `integer("123.45")` would return an error.)
> 
> Example 2: `integer(123.45)` would return `123`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
String example: `integer("123")` would return `123` as an integer. The string must evaluate to an integer (so `integer("123.45")` would return an error.)

Float example: `integer(123.45)` would return `123`.
```

### text

> > Not available for non-JDBC Druid driver

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Not available for the non-JDBC Druid driver
```
